Improve the OIDC Client Quickstart document (#39645)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-client.adoc

Here, `FrontendResource` uses one of three methods to propagate access tokens to `ProtectedResource`:

* It can get a token by using an OIDC client filter before propagating it.
* It can get a token by using a programmatically created OIDC client and propagate it by passing it to a REST Client method as an HTTP `Authorization` header value.
* It can use an OIDC token propagation filter to propagate the incoming access token.

`FrontendResource` has eight endpoints:

* `/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token`
* `/frontend/admin-name-with-oidc-client-token`
* `/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param`
* `/frontend/admin-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param`
* `/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param-blocking`
* `/frontend/admin-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param-blocking`
* `/frontend/user-name-with-propagated-token`
* `/frontend/admin-name-with-propagated-token`

`FrontendResource` uses a REST Client with an OIDC client filter to get and propagate an access token to `ProtectedResource` when either `/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token` or `/frontend/admin-name-with-oidc-client-token` is called.

> `FrontendResource` also uses a programmatically created OIDC client to get and propagate an access token to `ProtectedResource` by passing it to a REST Client method as an HTTP `Authorization` header value, when either `/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param` or `/frontend/admin-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param` is called.

Author: @rolfedh Sure, I'll do it

`ProtectedResource` returns a name from both `userName()` and `adminName()` methods.
The name is extracted from the current `JsonWebToken`.

Next, add three REST clients:

1. `RestClientWithOidcClientFilter` which uses an OIDC client filter provided by the `quarkus-rest-client-oidc-filter` extension to get and propagate an access token.
2. `RestClientWithTokenHeaderParam` which accepts a token already acquired by the programmatically created OidcClient as an HTTP `Authorization` header value.
3. `RestClientWithTokenPropagationFilter` which uses an OIDC token propagation filter provided by the `quarkus-rest-client-oidc-token-propagation` extension to get and propagate an access token.

> Add the `RestClientWithOidcClientFilter` REST Client:

Author: Sounds good

    Uni<String> getAdminName();
}
----
<1> Register an OIDC token propagation filter with the REST client to propagate the incoming already-existing tokens.

> Note that `RestClientWithOidcClientFilter` and `RestClientWithTokenPropagationFilter` interfaces are the same.
> This is because combining OIDC client and token propagation filters on the same REST Client causes side effects because both filters can interfere with each other.
> For example, the OIDC client filter can override the token propagated by the OIDC token propagation filter, or the OIDC token propagation filter can fail if it is called when no token is available to propagate and the OIDC client filter is expected to get a new token instead.

Reviewer: Completely optional suggestion:
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Do not use the `RestClientWithOidcClientFilter` and `RestClientWithTokenPropagationFilter` interfaces in the same REST client because they can conflict, leading to issues.
For example, the OIDC client filter can override the token from the OIDC token propagation filter, or the propagation filter might not work correctly if it attempts to propagate a token when none is available, expecting the OIDC client filter to obtain a new token instead.
```

> Also, add `OidcClientCreator` to create an OIDC client programmatically at startup. `OidcClientCreator` will support `RestClientWithTokenHeaderParam` REST client calls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, add `OidcClientCreator` to create an OIDC client programmatically at startup. `OidcClientCreator` supports `RestClientWithTokenHeaderParam` REST client calls:
```

import io.quarkus.oidc.client.OidcClients;
import io.quarkus.runtime.StartupEvent;
import io.smallrye.mutiny.Uni;
import jakarta.enterprise.context.ApplicationScoped;
import jakarta.enterprise.event.Observes;
import jakarta.inject.Inject;

@ApplicationScoped
public class OidcClientCreator {

    @Inject
    OidcClients oidcClients; <1>
    @ConfigProperty(name = "quarkus.oidc.auth-server-url")
    String oidcProviderAddress;

    private volatile OidcClient oidcClient;

    public void startup(@Observes StartupEvent event) {
    	createOidcClient().subscribe().with(client -> {oidcClient = client;});
    }

    public OidcClient getOidcClient() {
        return oidcClient;
    }

    private Uni<OidcClient> createOidcClient() {
        OidcClientConfig cfg = new OidcClientConfig();
        cfg.setId("myclient");
        cfg.setAuthServerUrl(oidcProviderAddress);
        cfg.setClientId("backend-service");
        cfg.getCredentials().setSecret("secret");
        cfg.getGrant().setType(Type.PASSWORD);
        cfg.setGrantOptions(Map.of("password",
        		Map.of("username", "alice", "password", "alice")));
        return oidcClients.newClient(cfg);
    }
}
----

> <1> `OidcClients` can be used to retrive the already initialized, named OIDC clients and create new OIDC clients on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> `OidcClients` can be used to retrieve the already initialized, named OIDC clients and create new OIDC clients on demand.
```

  
}
----
<1> `FrontendResource` uses the injected `RestClientWithOidcClientFilter` REST Client with the OIDC client filter to get and propagate an access token to `ProtectedResource` when either `/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token` or `/frontend/admin-name-with-oidc-client-token` is called.
<2> `FrontendResource` uses the injected `RestClientWithTokenPropagationFilter` REST Client with the OIDC token propagation filter to propagate the current incoming access token to `ProtectedResource` when either `/frontend/user-name-with-propagated-token` or `/frontend/admin-name-with-propagated-token` is called.
<3> `FrontendResource` uses the programmatically created OIDC client to get and propagate an access token to `ProtectedResource` by passing it directly to the injected `RestClientWithHeaderTokenParam` REST Client's method as an HTTP `Authorization` header value, when either `/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param` or `/frontend/admin-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param` is called.
<4> Sometimes, one may have to acquire tokens in a blocking manner before propagating them with the REST client. This example shows how to acquire the tokens in such cases.

> <5> `io.quarkus.oidc.client.runtime.TokensHelper` is a useful tool when OIDC client is used directly, without the OIDC client filter. In order to use `TokensHelper`, pass OIDC Client to it to get the tokens and `TokensHelper` will acquire the tokens and also refresh them if necessary in a thread safe way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> `io.quarkus.oidc.client.runtime.TokensHelper` is a useful tool when OIDC client is used directly, without the OIDC client filter. To use `TokensHelper`, pass OIDC Client to it to get the tokens and `TokensHelper` acquires the tokens and refreshes them if necessary in a thread-safe way.
```

In contrast with the preceding command, this command returns a `403` status code.

Next, test that the programmatically created OIDC client correctly acquires and propagates the token with `RestClientWithTokenHeaderParam` both in reactive and imperative (blocking) modes:

[source,bash]
----
curl -i -X GET \
  http://localhost:8080/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param
----

> This command returns the `200` status code and the name `alice`.

Reviewer: This is another "soft" issue.
I wonder if using "This" this way might cause confusion about whether which command is being referenced. 
A reader whose eyes land in the middle of the page (without the benefit of reading the earlier parts) might tend to assume that "this" means "the following" command.
It's also a bit odd when "the preceding" seems to refer to the command that is two commands earlier. 
Would it help to explicitly state  "the preceding command" or "the following command"?

Author: @rolfedh Good point, makes sense

> Next, test that the programmatically created OIDC client correctly acquires and propagates the token with `RestClientWithTokenHeaderParam` both in reactive and imperative (blocking) modes:
> 
> [source,bash]
> ----
> curl -i -X GET \
>   http://localhost:8080/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param
> ----
> 
> This command returns the `200` status code and the name `alice`.

Reviewer: What about a more unidirectional top-to-bottom flow:
```suggestion
Next, test that the programmatically created OIDC client correctly acquires and propagates the token with `RestClientWithTokenHeaderParam` both in reactive and imperative (blocking) modes. This command returns the `200` status code and the name `alice`:

[source,bash]
----
curl -i -X GET \
  http://localhost:8080/frontend/user-name-with-oidc-client-token-header-param
----
```
